Codebits Stretch Review questions / Answers 
    1. What is the difference between Git and Github?

	Git is a local Version Control System software that enables developers to save snapshots of their projects over time.
	It’s generally best for individual use.

	While GitHub is a web-based platform that incorporates git’s version control features so they can be used collaboratively. 
	It also includes project and team management features, as well as opportunities for networking and social coding.


    2. What are the benefits of using Version Control System?
	
	-It enables users to identify the development of the file through its various stages.
	-The history of the document provides invaluable information about the author and the date of editing. 
	 It also gives on the purpose of the changes made.
	-Version control allows team members to work on the same document concurrently but independent of each other 
	 without affecting the contribution of fellow collaborators.
	-Version control enables the current team to analyze the deletion, editing, and creation of datasets 
	 made since the original copy.
	-It enables developers and organizations to work more efficiently in improving the quality of their product 
	 while recording and evaluating a detailed history of their improvements that will lead to a successful end-product.
 
    3. What language is used in Git?

	C programming language,
	Shell programming language, and 
	Perl programming language.

    4. Mention the various Git repository hosting service providers (at least 4)

	They include: 
	Amazon AWS 
	CodeCommit
	Assembla 
	Beanstalk
	Codebase
	Launchpad.

    5. What is a repository in Git?

	Git is a free, open-source distributed version control system. It keeps track of projects and files 
	as they change over time with the help of different contributors.

    6. How can you create a repository in Git? 

	To create a repository this steps are taken:
	Step 1: Create a folder for this project on your local hard drive using the following command
	   $ mkdir my-project

        Step 2: change into this folder
	   $ cd my-project

	Step 3: initialize a new, empty Git repository here
	   $ git init

	Step 4: add all changes to the next (= first) commit
	   $ git add .

	Step 5: create this first commit
	   $ git commit -m "Initial commit"

    7. Name a few Git commands and explain their usage.

	git rm
	git log
	git show
	git tag
	git branch
	git checkout
	git merge
	git remote
	git push
	git pull
	git stash

    8. What is Git?

	Git is a version control system. Git tracks the changes you make to files, 
	so you have a record of what has been done, and you can revert to specific versions should you ever need to. 
	Git also makes collaboration easier, allowing changes by multiple people to all be merged into one source.
 
    9. What is a .git Directory?

	A Git repository that contains all of the project files and the entire revision history.

    10. What happens if the .git directory gets deleted?

	You will lose tracks of your projects, it will be lost. The repository will no longer be under version control.
	
​	
